Richard ios loader (#1301)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader: CMakeLists.txt

    target_compile_definitions(platform_wsi INTERFACE VK_USE_PLATFORM_ANDROID_KHR)
elseif(APPLE)
    target_compile_definitions(platform_wsi INTERFACE VK_USE_PLATFORM_MACOS_MVK VK_USE_PLATFORM_METAL_EXT)
    
# Build for iOS and tvOS

>     option(APPLE_EMBEDDED "Apple non desktop devices" OFF)
>     if (APPLE_EMBEDDED)
>         add_definitions(-D__APPLE_EMBEDDED__)
>     endif()

Reviewer: This should be moved out of the platform WSI stuff and done further down with the other `loader_common_options` stuff.
```suggestion
if(APPLE)
    # Build for iOS and tvOS
    option(APPLE_EMBEDDED "Apple non desktop devices" OFF)
    if (APPLE_EMBEDDED)
        target_compile_definitions(loader_common_options PRIVATE __APPLE_EMBEDDED__)
    endif()
endif()
```

Author: Done.
